# 5th Meeting: 01/11/21 - Mon

time: 12:00 - 12:30

# Things Agreed & Acknowledged

* Should be okay not to change the implemented Pascal grammar found
* Should research about the JVM through next several weeks

# Before Next Meeting

* Organize previous meeting minutes
* Move to contextual analysis stage